# Requirement Traceability Matrix with Test strategy

Requirement Id | Requirement Description | Test Rationale | Test Strategy | Test Cases
------------ | ------------- |------------ | ------------- |------------- |
Req_001 | When executing command line, there are 3 mandatory arguments. First being '-API / --API', second being one chosen location (-city, -cid, -gc, -z). Lastly, at least one of these other chosen arguments (-time, -temp, -pressure, -cloud, -humidity, -wind, -sunset, -sunrise) | The API key is necessary to verify and grant the user permission to use the weather forecast API. Once access is granted, the application needs has to know the location you wish to forecast and what the user wishes to know exactly about the location. | We'll apply statement coverage strategy for this requirement. Since there are only 3 mandatory arguments, we can test all cases of running the program with all the possible scenarios. Starting by testing the program without input tingany of the mandatory arguments, testinng all cases including only 1 of the 3 mandatory arguments, testing all cases including only 2 of the mondatory arguments, and lastly testing the program with all 3 mandatory arguments. It is important to ensure that all arguments are valid inputs. All test cases should have an error for except when all 3 mandatory arguments are used. | test_16, tets_17, test_18, test_19 
Req_002 | The program should run from the command line and all the following 14 command-line arguments to return the current weather data | Before doing any other tests, we want to make sure that our program runs correctly. In order for the program to run smoothly, it is essential to ensure that all 14 command line arguments are functionally working as intended. | For this test, we want to make sure that each output argument works correctly. | test_1, test_2, test_3, test_4, test_5, test_6, test_7, test_8, test_10
Req_003 |The program should accept more than one command line argument at a time | Apart from '-API / --API' and one chosen location (one of -city, -cid, -gc and -z), the program should allow users to query one or more options at a time to give more weather information about a location | The ideal way would be using a multiple condition coverage strategy. At least one of these arguments (-time, -temp, -pressure, -cloud, -humidity, -wind, -sunset, -sunrise) must be present in the command line, however the user may also use 1 or more arguments. It is important to ensure that all possible cases of arguments can be stringed together without causing an error. | test_1, test_2, test_3, test_4, test_5, test_6, test_7, test_8, test_10
Req_004 | The program should prompt a description when the option -help is provided by the user | This is especially useful for new users providing them the syntax to follow to use the program |  Run the program with '--help' or '-h' argument and evaluate the output to make sure that information provided is useful and easy to understand, providing users the correct syntax and input for each argument. | test_9
Req_005 | Given a valid option and input, the program is expected to return a message based on the chosen information | This is a usability issue where users should be able to view the information they sought for with ease. As long as it can be easily understood by users, the format of the return message is flexible. |  When executing test cases tested in Req_001, Req_002 and Req_003, we may view all return messages when given a valid option and input. We can run this test concurrently when testing the first 3 requirements.  | test_1, test_2, test_3, test_4, test_5, test_6, test_7, test_8, test_10
Req_006 | The program must handle infeasible cases by returning an appropriate error message | Users may input a command line with the wrong syntax or incorrect values. Based on the type of case, an appropriate error message should be disaplyed for different circumstances to let users know and understand what the error is. | Some arguments require inputs, whereas some do not. For arguments that require inputs, test by filling in invalid inputs and leaving inputs empty. | test_9, test_11, test_12, test_13, test_14, test_15, test_16, test_17, test_18, test_19, test_20
